DOC-3468 - Document TinyMCE AI 8.5 custom reviews, commands, and quickbars integration (#4070)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/tinymceai-actions.adoc

[NOTE]
====

> AI controls are not added to the xref:quickbars.adoc#quickbars_selection_toolbar[`+quickbars_selection_toolbar+`] automatically; add the desired toolbar button identifiers to that option when they should appear there. Custom actions that define an xref:tinymceai.adoc#tinymceai_quickactions_custom[`+id+`] can also be listed in `+quickbars_selection_toolbar+`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AI controls are not added to the xref:quickbars.adoc#quickbars_selection_toolbar[`+quickbars_selection_toolbar+`] automatically; add the desired toolbar button identifiers to that option when they should appear there. Custom actions defined by xref:tinymceai.adoc#tinymceai_quickactions_custom[`+id+`] can also be listed in `+quickbars_selection_toolbar+`.
```
?

Author: Applied — updated to 'Custom actions defined by `id`'.

Author: Updated further in 26d27016f — removed the second sentence entirely. Per spocke's feedback below, `id` registers menu items only (source confirms `addMenuItem` only, no `addButton`), so the `quickbars_selection_toolbar` reference was incorrect. The note now just covers built-in toolbar button identifiers.
